SQL CASE STUDY

Business Context:
	A Retail store would like to understand customer behaviour using their point of sale data (POS).

Data Availability:
	The data set comprises of 3 tables.
1) Customer: Customer demographics
2) Transactions: Customer transaction details
3) Product Category: Product category and sub category information.

With this data answer the following questions:-

DATA PREPARATION AND UNDERSTANDING:

1. What is the total number of rows in each of the 3 tables in the database?
2. What is the total number of transactions that have a return?
3. As you would have noticed, the dates provided across the datasets are not in a correct format.
   As first steps, please convert the date variables into valid date formats before proceedingahead.
4. What is the time range of the transcations data available for analysis? Show the output in number of days, 
   months and years simultaneously in different columns.
5. Which product category does the sub-category "DIY" belong to?

DATA ANALYSIS:

1. Which channel is most frequently used for transactions?
2. What is the count of Male and Female customers in the database?
3. From which city do we have the maximum number of customers and how many?
4. How many sub-categories are there under the Books category?
5. What is the maximum quantity of products ever ordered?
6. What is the net total revenue generated in categories 'Electronics' & 'Books'?
7. How many customers have greater than 10 transactions with us, excluding returns?
8. What is the combined revenue earned from the 'Electronics' and 'Clothing' categories, from 'Flagship stores'?
9. What is the total revenue generated from 'Male' customers in 'Electronics' category? Output should display total revenue by prod sub-cat.
10. What is percentage of sales and returns by product sub category; display only top 5 sub categoriesi terms of sales?
11. For all customers aged between 25 to 35 years find what is the net total revenue generated by these consumers in last 30 days of transactions
    from max transaction date available in the data?
12. Which product category has seen the max value of returns in the last 3 months of transactions?
13. Which store-type sells the maximum products; by value of sales amount and by quantity sold?
14. What are the categories for which average revenue is above the overall average.
15. Find the average and total revenue by each subcategory for the categories which are among top 5 categories in terms of quantity sold. 